---
layout: post
title: Writing Myths	
---

It's been months and months, with very little reading, no writing, and lots of family and health stuff going on instead. Everyone's fine now, and I'm feeling better than ever too - but I miss my book life. This past week, I've been reading up a storm, and today I started writing a little too, first notes and quotes, and then a teeny bit of inspiration. And I ended writing that bit with a real smile. I like my writing. Who knows if anyone else ever will. Who knows if anyone will ever even understand what I wrote, what I tried to get down, but I did and do and it made me smile. That counts for something, after all.

Time after time, I wonder at those who say if they couldn't write, they'd die or something equally dramatic, and though part of me scoffs, another part is envious. I guess I feel that way about my family, about reading generally, about food and air probably too - - but really I am not so sure I don't have cockroach tendencies and could outlive many a disaster (except for no air or food, right). But when I feel good and easy in the world - my family is happy, my health is fine, my schedule is managed - then oh I turn to my world of books. That must mean something too, right? Maybe not as noble or as essential, but .. well, that's what I have to give to writing. I'm not willing to drop all my other interests, or neglect my family, and so maybe that means I'll never be a good writer, or a published writer, or a writer of any kind of fame. So be it. But I don't believe that kind of story anyhow - it's too convenient, too pat, and too sexist, ultimately. 

I can see where my fears are in regards to writing, the roadblocks I throw up time and again so that I can't do this writing thing, can't do it and possibly fail and get hurt and upset and etc. I can't also believe that I don't have it in me to be a 'real writer' just because I'm not thinking about writing 24/7. I do need to be more serious about writing - I have a plan in mind, more on that later - but it helps no one if I believe some ridiculous myth. 


